WEBSITE NOTES

HOME PAGE

- change job roles to Writer and Director
- can we change the font to be my hand writing or similar?
- Colour scheme change to black, white and silver?
- quote underneath

ABOUT

Sarah is a writer and director from County Durham. 

In 2023, her debut play ‘Seagulls and Sad Sad Stories’ was the winner of the inaugural Richard Jenkinson Commission. The show enjoyed a very successful run at Laurels, Whitley Bay and the play text was published by Methuen Drama in December 2024.

Sarah began her theatre journey as a volunteer, working with young people in deprived areas on a number of choir, drama, film, and musical productions. In 2022, she directed the regional amateur debut production of ‘School of Rock’ at the Tyne Theatre and Opera House. 

Her writing career began in 2018. After graduating from Newcastle University, Sarah worked as a creative advertising copywriter for a major media company. In 2022, she participated in the WriteMentor summer programme with her debut novel ‘The Mystics of Little Edmunswick’. In 2024, the novel was shortlisted for the Searchlight Awards ‘Best Novel Opening’ prize. The work is still in development. 

Sarah is a fan of anything mystical, magical, or supernatural. Her works include screenplays, stage plays, novels, and picture books. She enjoys exploring themes of class, coming-of-age adventures, friendship, and the supernatural! 

- remove the counter of shows etc as i don’t have many to list lol

THEATRE WORK

- remove the blurb under title

Seagulls and Sad Sad Stories

Three young lads, hoping for the answers to their maths exam and which girls in their year they stand a chance with, find out more than they bargained for when they put the question of their future to a mystical fortune teller.

Faced with harsh realities, cruel stereotypes, and an unnaturally persistent seagull, they must decide whether the perceptions of others will determine their entire life or whether they believe they're worth so much more.

Venue: Laurels, Whitley Bay
Year: 2024
Role: Writer and Director


Other shows:

- You Need to Say Sorry
A hard-hitting play about the dangers of online dating and domestic abuse in older couples. Written by Alison Stanley.

Venue: Laurels, Whitley Bay
Year: 2023
Role: Director


- School of Rock: The Next Generation
The regional north east amateur debut, featuring a talented cast of over 40 young performers who played their instruments live on stage.

Venue: Tyne Theatre and Opera house
Year: 2023
Role: Director

WRITING PORTFOLIO
- remove blurb under title

Published Works (remove all others after seagulls)

Seagulls and Sad Sad Stories
Play. 2024

blurb from above and cover image
Available to purchase from all major book retailers

-Remove recent plays

Add a tab for ‘other’

Writing workshops

-I’ll send over the pdf of my workshops and we can steal the copy from that.

CONTACT

Let’s work together!

Sarah is always looking for new and exciting projects to work on. Get in touch to discuss your idea!

Get in touch: 
email: sarahlouisebond@outlook.com
remove phone
location: North East, England

Connect online 
- remove professional memberships
- link to linked in, instagram,

Remove representation (for now!)

Add a gallery?